python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-RN50 --adapt none --alpha 0.10 --ncscore lac
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-RN50 --adapt none --alpha 0.10 --ncscore aps
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-RN50 --adapt none --alpha 0.10 --ncscore raps
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-RN50 --adapt confot --alpha 0.10 --ncscore lac
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-RN50 --adapt confot --alpha 0.10 --ncscore aps
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-RN50 --adapt confot --alpha 0.10 --ncscore raps
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-RN50 --adapt none --alpha 0.05 --ncscore lac
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-RN50 --adapt none --alpha 0.05 --ncscore aps
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-RN50 --adapt none --alpha 0.05 --ncscore raps
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-RN50 --adapt confot --alpha 0.05 --ncscore lac
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-RN50 --adapt confot --alpha 0.05 --ncscore aps
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-RN50 --adapt confot --alpha 0.05 --ncscore raps
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-ViT-B/16 --adapt none --alpha 0.10 --ncscore lac
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-ViT-B/16 --adapt none --alpha 0.10 --ncscore aps
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-ViT-B/16 --adapt none --alpha 0.10 --ncscore raps
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-ViT-B/16 --adapt confot --alpha 0.10 --ncscore lac
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-ViT-B/16 --adapt confot --alpha 0.10 --ncscore aps
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-ViT-B/16 --adapt confot --alpha 0.10 --ncscore raps
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-ViT-B/16 --adapt none --alpha 0.05 --ncscore lac
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-ViT-B/16 --adapt none --alpha 0.05 --ncscore aps
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-ViT-B/16 --adapt none --alpha 0.05 --ncscore raps
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-ViT-B/16 --adapt confot --alpha 0.05 --ncscore lac
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-ViT-B/16 --adapt confot --alpha 0.05 --ncscore aps
python conformal_prediction.py --backbone CLIP-ViT-B/16 --adapt confot --alpha 0.05 --ncscore raps